what's up bro yo how much do you bench
how much can you squat how much can you
curl how many pull-ups can you do and
how many pushups can you do how about
who cares excuse my language but I think
the gym is turning into too much of a
prick waving contest because I was in
the gym today and there were a couple of
teenagers in there competing against
each other to see who could bench more
people like that shouldn't even have a
gym membership they obviously don't
belong there because when you're
competing against someone for
weightlifting the only thing that's
gonna come out of that probably is
injury so if you know people that do
that point them in the direction to this
video that I made a while ago called
check your ego and maybe it will give
them a different outlook on
weightlifting you know I get a lot of
inbox messages for people who say
they're embarrassed to go to the gym
because they don't lift enough weight or
they're scared people gonna look at them
and judge them by how much weight they
lift just ignore that because if they're
doing that the obvious you don't belong
in the gym in the first place
go into the gym for yourself if the
weight is heavy for you that's fine you
want to focus on your form the mind to
muscle connection progressive tension
overload if you have any questions on
this you can ask me I will try and make
videos on each of these concepts but
like I said who cares what the number on
the dumbbell says or the barbell says
and I went through this actually over
the last few months mainly on my incline
dumbbell bench press I started to feel
my front delts burn a little bit and
give out way before my chest was giving
out reason being was because I had to
check my form and really work on that
slow- and the contraction on my chest
again the mind to muscle connection you
have to know what muscle you're working
so when my delts started burning I knew
I was doing something wrong so what did
I do
lighten the weight and that's the last
thing people want to hear when they're
working out lighten the weight or
lighten the load old
but mainly because they think they're
taking a step backwards when in
actuality you're just improving your
form you're only gonna get to where you
want to be faster by lightening the
weight a little bit and really working
the muscle that you're intending to work
so that's pretty much as my whole point
you know don't be embarrassed about the
weight that you lift because I lift
relatively light weight for my size and
all of my lifts that I've been doing I
actually dropped the weight a little bit
and focus more on form and again that
mind to muscle connection and I've
noticed big increases in size and
strength you know you could take a
dumbbell curl and you could just keep
going like this but if you don't have
the right range of motion if you're not
contracting the actual muscle properly
you're really not doing any justice for
yourself because to me personally it's
not very impressive if someone can curl
an 80 pound dumbbell with one arm but
they haven't seen any size increases in
the last six months to a year they
obviously again not using that mind to
muscle connection and they're not
working the muscle properly so forget
about the number on the dumbbell forget
about the number on the barbell go into
the gym for yourself if the weight is
heavy for you then it's heavy for you
you know sometimes people will feel like
a bitch because they can only squat 100
pounds when the guy next to them is
squatting 500 well maybe 500 to the guy
next to you is not heavy for him but if
a hundred pounds is heavy for you that's
what matters so again it's important to
incrementally get stronger each workout
you never want to stay stagnant and just
keep lifting the same weight or the same
amount of reps but that does not mean if
you're benching a 15 pound barbell or
dumbbell whatever it's a go to 100 the
next week make make it slow and steady
and just keep making those gains and
forget about the number on the bar or
the bench or the dumbbell or whatever
you get my opponent forget about the
weight go into the gym for yourself or
no one else who cares how much you bench
squat this and that just make progress
and that's what matters
and
you're probably wondering well for those
of you who don't know I live in New York
it's usually pretty damn cold here and I
don't want to jinx it but it's like 55
degrees right now and the Sun is burning
my back and it feels awesome
so I just wanted to tell you that I
don't know where you guys are from leave
a comment let me know how the weather is
there I know some people from Australia
watch these videos and it's like a
hundred degrees there but this is
awesome through New York and there's a
really loud goddamn trunk behind me
yeah anyway thanks again for the support
so I for rambling on about this but I
just wanted to get it out there because
of the kids I heard arguing in the gym
about it and again please subscribe to
the channel if you have not already
please join the Fusaro fitness Facebook
page give me a like rating if you like
the video and once again thanks for your
support I really appreciate it until
next time I'll see you later